
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/simModeCharString.o: simModeCharString.c \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_loop.o: VariableServerSessionThread_loop.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/input_processor_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/realtimesync_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Clock.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Timer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ExecutiveException.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_and_write_scheduled.o: \
 VariableServer_copy_and_write_scheduled.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_shutdown.o: VariableServer_shutdown.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_and_write_freeze_scheduled.o: \
 VariableServer_copy_and_write_freeze_scheduled.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableReference.o: \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/wcs_ext.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_get_next_freeze_call_time.o: \
 VariableServer_get_next_freeze_call_time.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_write_stdio.o: VariableServerSessionThread_write_stdio.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_message_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_get_next_sync_call_time.o: \
 VariableServer_get_next_sync_call_time.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_restart.o: VariableServer_restart.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/var_server_ext.o: var_server_ext.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/io_alloc.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_create_socket.o: \
 VariableServerSessionThread_create_socket.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerListenThread.o: VariableServerListenThread.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/command_line_protos.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_write_data.o: VariableServerSessionThread_write_data.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_message_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/bitfield_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_init.o: VariableServer_init.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Executive.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Scheduler.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ScheduledJobQueue.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/SimObject.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ScheduledJobQueue.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/SimObject.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Threads.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadTrigger.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_and_write_freeze.o: VariableServer_copy_and_write_freeze.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_default_data.o: VariableServer_default_data.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_freeze_init.o: VariableServer_freeze_init.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer.o: VariableServer.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_restart.o: VariableServerSessionThread_restart.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_and_write_top.o: VariableServer_copy_and_write_top.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/exit_var_thread.o: exit_var_thread.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_copy_data.o: VariableServerSessionThread_copy_data.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/realtimesync_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Clock.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Timer.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_connect.o: VariableServerSessionThread_connect.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/release.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_copy_sim_data.o: \
 VariableServerSessionThread_copy_sim_data.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSession_freeze_init.o: VariableServerSession_freeze_init.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_open_additional_servers.o: \
 VariableServer_open_additional_servers.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread.o: VariableServerSessionThread.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_loop.o: VariableServerSessionThread_loop.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/input_processor_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/realtimesync_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Clock.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Timer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ExecutiveException.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_and_write_scheduled.o: \
 VariableServer_copy_and_write_scheduled.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_shutdown.o: VariableServer_shutdown.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_and_write_freeze_scheduled.o: \
 VariableServer_copy_and_write_freeze_scheduled.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableReference.o: \
VariableReference.cpp \
${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/wcs_ext.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_write_stdio.o: VariableServerSessionThread_write_stdio.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_message_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_commands.o: VariableServerSessionThread_commands.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_message_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/command_line_protos.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sie_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/UdUnits.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/map_trick_units_to_udunits.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_get_next_sync_call_time.o: \
 VariableServer_get_next_sync_call_time.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_restart.o: VariableServer_restart.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/var_server_ext.o: var_server_ext.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/io_alloc.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_create_socket.o: \
 VariableServerSessionThread_create_socket.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerListenThread.o: VariableServerListenThread.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TCPClientListener.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/MulticastGroup.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/command_line_protos.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_write_data.o: VariableServerSessionThread_write_data.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_message_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/bitfield_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_byteswap.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/message_type.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_init.o: VariableServer_init.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Executive.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Scheduler.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ScheduledJobQueue.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/SimObject.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ScheduledJobQueue.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/SimObject.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Threads.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadTrigger.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_and_write_freeze.o: VariableServer_copy_and_write_freeze.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_default_data.o: VariableServer_default_data.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_freeze_init.o: VariableServer_freeze_init.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer.o: VariableServer.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_restart.o: VariableServerSessionThread_restart.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_copy_and_write_top.o: VariableServer_copy_and_write_top.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/exit_var_thread.o: exit_var_thread.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_copy_data.o: VariableServerSessionThread_copy_data.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/realtimesync_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Clock.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/Timer.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_get_next_freeze_call_time.o: \
 VariableServer_get_next_freeze_call_time.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_connect.o: VariableServerSessionThread_connect.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/release.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_copy_sim_data.o: \
 VariableServerSessionThread_copy_sim_data.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/memorymanager_c_intf.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/var.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/io_alloc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread_freeze_init.o: VariableServerSessionThread_freeze_init.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServer_open_additional_servers.o: \
 VariableServer_open_additional_servers.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServer.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/JobData.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/InstrumentBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerListenThread.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSessionThread.o: VariableServerSessionThread.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/VariableServerSession.o: VariableServerSession.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh 
 object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/TCConnection.o: TCConnection.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TCConnection.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ClientConnection.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TCPClientListener.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSessionThread.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ThreadBase.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableReference.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/VariableServerSession.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/reference.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/attributes.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/parameter_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/value.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/dllist.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/variable_server_sync_types.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/exec_proto.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/sim_mode.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TrickConstant.hh  \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h
object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/TCPClientListener.o: TCPClientListener.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TCPConnection.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/ClientConnection.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/TCPClientListener.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h
 object_${TRICK_HOST_CPU}/MulticastGroup.o: MulticastGroup.cpp \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/MulticastGroup.hh \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/trick_error_hndlr.h \
 ${TRICK_HOME}/include/trick/tc_proto.h
