.TH kill_sim 1 "May 17, 2000" "Trick" "Trick User's Manual"
.SH NAME
kill_sim \- Kill Trick simulation and clean up associated shared memory and semaphores
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBkill_sim\fP [\fIhostname\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBkill_sim\fP is a bourne shell script whick kills Trick simulation processes for
a user.  \fBkill_sim\fP cleans up shared memory and semaphore entries as well as killing processes.  With no arguments \fBkill_sim\fP will execute on the local machine.  If called with a hostname \fBkill_sim\fP runs on the specified host.
.SH FILES
.TP
.SH DEPENDENCY
.TP
\fBDependencies\fP: /bin/sh, echo, cut, ipcs, ipcrm, grep, ps
.TP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
All Trick model developers and users should go through the tutorial found
in the \fITrick Simulation Environment User Training Materials\fP.
The canonical reference for all Trick commands, files and utilities is the
\fITrick Simulation Environment User's Guide\fP.  Information specific to a
given release of Trick tools is contained in the \fITrick Simulation
Environment Version Description\fP for that release.
.PP
.\" .SH DIAGNOSTICS
.\" How to determine why the command failed.
.SH BUGS
Known bugs will be placed in the \fIVersion Description Document\fP located in
$TRICK_HOME/docs area.  If you would like to report a bug, contact
vetter@lincom-asg.com.
.SH AUTHORS
The \fBkill_sim\fP command was written by Greg Alexander and is maintained by the
Trick development staff.  This man page was written by Greg Alexander,
address all discrepancies to grega@lincom-asg.com.

