.TH Replace_Token.sh 1 "May 17, 2000" "Trick" "Trick User's Manual"
.SH NAME
Replace_Token.sh \- Resolve tokens in an HTML file
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBReplace_Token.sh\fP [\fIdirectory_name\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBReplace_Token.sh\fP is a bourne shell script whick executes Replace_Token.  
\fBReplace_Token\fP resolves tokens in .token files created by Create_Token.sh
and converts them to proper .html files.  With no arguments \fBReplace_Token.sh\fP 
will recursively convert all .token files to .html files starting in the 
current distrctory on the local machine.  If called with a directory name 
\fBReplace_Token.sh\fP will use that directory name as the starting directory.
.SH FILES
.TP
.SH DEPENDENCY
.TP
\fBDependencies\fP: /bin/sh, echo, find
.TP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
All Trick model developers and users should go through the tutorial found
in the \fITrick Simulation Environment User Training Materials\fP.
The canonical reference for all Trick commands, files and utilities is the
\fITrick Simulation Environment User's Guide\fP.  Information specific to a
given release of Trick tools is contained in the \fITrick Simulation
Environment Version Description\fP for that release.
.PP
.\" .SH DIAGNOSTICS
.\" How to determine why the command failed.
.SH BUGS
Known bugs will be placed in the \fIVersion Description Document\fP located in
$TRICK_HOME/docs area.  If you would like to report a bug, contact
vetter@lincom-asg.com.
.SH AUTHORS
The \fBReplace_Token.sh\fP command was written by Greg Alexander and is maintained by the
Trick development staff.  This man page was written by Greg Alexander,
address all discrepancies to grega@lincom-asg.com.

