.TH trick-CP 1 "July 29, 2016" "Trick" "Trick User's Manual"
.SH NAME
trick-CP \- Trick Configuration Processor
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtrick-CP\fP [OPTION]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtrick-CP\fP is the Trick environment Configuration Processor.  trick-CP parses the
simulation definition file, S_define, searching for math models to include in
the simulation.  trick-CP will search for the math models within the search paths
included in TRICK_CFLAGS and TRICK_CXXFLAGS environment variables.  trick-CP will
generate code to call math models listed in the S_define file and will generate
a makefile to build these math models.

.SS Options
.TP
\fB-g, --debug\fP
Print the \fIS_define\fP file as it is processed by trick-CP.  (This may help the
user find problems with his/her simulation configuration).
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fP
Print the trick-CP help message
.TP
\fB-o, --outfile\fP \fIFILE_NAME\fP
Send CP output to FILE_NAME
.TP
\fB-p, --no-python\fP
Exclude python input processor from simulation.
.TP
\fB-t\fP
Create a unit test simulation where TRICK_UNIT_TEST is defined during compilation
.TP
\fB-v, --verbose\fP
Set the verbose level.  Valid entries are 0-3
.SH FILES
.TP
\fIbuild/S_source.cpp\fP
The simulation-specific executive source code file.
.TP
\fIbuild/S_library_list\fP
The simulation-specific object code link list file.
.TP
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fB${TRICK_CPFLAGS}\fP
Arguments to send to trick-CP
.TP
\fB${TRICK_HOME}\fP
Contains path to Trick root directory
.SH "SEE ALSO"
All Trick model developers and users should go through the tutorial found
in the \fITrick Simulation Environment User Training Materials\fP.
The canonical reference for all Trick commands, files and utilities is the
\fITrick Simulation Environment User's Guide\fP.  Information specific to a
given release of Trick tools is contained in the \fITrick Simulation
Environment Version Description\fP for that release.
.SH HISTORY
1991-2002 : The \fBtrick-CP\fP utility in C was written by Rob Bailey.

2003-2016 : The \fBtrick-CP\fP utility ported to Perl was written by Alex Lin.
