.TH trick-sie 1 "August 1, 2016" "Trick" "Trick User's Manual"
.SH NAME
trick-sie \- Trick Smart Input Editor
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtrick-sie\fP [substring]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Trick Smart Input Editor (sie) is a simulation variable query utility.
The Monte Monitor connects to the Trick monte carlo master simulation through the simulation
variable server.
.PP
Without arguments \fBtrick-sie\fP starts a GUI wih a hierarchial tree of simulation_objects,
structures/classes, and the variables contained within.  Selecting a variable shows the
C/C++ type of the variable, the Trick input/output capabilities, the measurement units,
and the comment associated with the variable.
.TP
\fBsubstring\fP
Calling trick-sie with a \fIsubstring\fP does not start the GUI.  Instead the tree of
variable names is searched for \fIsubstring\fP.  All variable names containing \fIsubstring\fP
will be printed along with the Trick input/output capabilities, the measurement units,
and the comment associated with the variable.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
All Trick model developers and users should go through the tutorial found
in the \fITrick Simulation Environment User Training Materials\fP.
The canonical reference for all Trick cosieands, files and utilities is the
\fITrick Simulation Environment User's Guide\fP.  Information specific to a
given release of Trick tools is contained in the \fITrick Simulation
Environment Version Description\fP for that release.
.SH HISTORY
The sie started as an input file text editor.  The sie was aware of simulation
sim_objects and the variable names contained within math model structures.  sie
was not used much as users favored more capable editors such as vi and emacs.  sie
was later repurposed as a simulation variable query utility.  This is why the
Smart Input Editor has no editing capabilites.

1991-2000 : \fBsie\fP written in C by Rob Bailey and Eddie Paddock

2001-2009 : \fBsie\fP written in Tck/Tk by Keith Vetter

2010-present : \fBtrick-sie\fP written in Java by Hong Chen
