.TH CATALOG 1 "May 17, 2000" "Trick" "Trick User's Manual"
.SH NAME
catalog \- view and/or delete items from the Trick module catalog
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBcatalog\fP [\fB-c\fP \fImodule_class_search_name\fP] |
   [\fB-d\fP<\fBm\fP|\fBs\fP|\fBe\fP|\fBp\fP> <\fIid_number\fP> [\fI-noconfirm\fP]] |
   [\fB-e\fP [\fIenumerated_type_search_name\fP]] |
   [\fB-initialize\fP] |
   [\fB-m\fP[\fBS\fP] [\fImodule_search_name\fP]] |
   [\fB-o\fP \fImodule_id_number\fP]
   [\fB-rebuild\fP] |
   [\fB-repair\fP] |
   [\fB-s\fP [\fIstructure_search_name\fP]] |
   [\fB-h\fP] |
   [\fB-i\fP] |
   [\fB-versions\fP] |
   [\fB-v\fP] |
   [\fB-b\fP] |
   [\fB-a\fP] |
   [\fB-p\fP [<\fIsearch_string\fP>]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcatalog\fP is a view port into the module catalog (which is stored in binary
format).  Executed without arguments, \fBcatalog\fP lists all enumerated types,
data structure typedefs, and modules in the catalog.
.SS Options
.TP
\fB-c\fP
List all modules in the catalog whose classification contains 
\fImodule_class_search_name\fP string (case sensitive).
.TP
\fB-d\fP
If \fIversion_dir\fP is supplied, \fBcatalog\fP deletes all enumerated types,
structures and modules associated with the specified version directory.  The
\fIversion_dir\fP is specified relative to \fB${TRICK_HOME}/module_source\fP.
If \fBm\fP, or \fBs\fP, or \fBe\fP are supplied with an \fIid_number\fP, the 
specified module, data structure, or enumerated type is deleted from the 
catalog.
.TP
\fB-e\fP
List all enumerated types in the catalog, or if
\fIenumerated_type_search_name\fP is supplied, list all enumerated types
which contain \fIenumerated_type_search_name\fP search string (case sensitive).
.TP
\fB-initialize\fP
Create a master catalog file in the current directory, including
various required paths to sim_services, etc.
.TP
\fB-i\fP
Same as catalog -initialize
.TP
\fB-m\fP
List all modules in the catalog, or if \fImodule_search_name\fP is supplied,
list all modules which contain \fImodule_search_name\fP search string (case sensitive).
.TP
\fB-o\fP
Lists complete (nested) list of object dependencies for the specified
\fImodule_id_number\fP.
.TP
\fB-rebuild\fP
Look through all include paths found in the user's \fB${TRICK_CFLAGS}\fP environment
variable for catalog files.  Any which are found are added to the master
catalog in the current directory.
.TP
\fB-b\fP
Same as catalog -rebuild
.TP
\fB-repair\fP
Look through all entries in the current catalog file, and delete those
paths which do not contain catalog directories.
.TP
\fB-s\fP
List all data structure typedefs in the catalog, or if
\fIstructure_search_name\fP is supplied, list all data structure typedefs
which contain \fIstructure_search_name\fP search string (case sensitive).
.TP
\fB-h\fP
Echo catalog help screen.
.TP
\fB-versions\fP
Lists the current version and owner of all catalog database files within the current list of catalog directories.
.TP
\fB-v\fP
Same as catalog -versions.
.TP
\fB-a\fP
Echo ALL catalog source directories, modules, enumerated types, structure types to the screen.
.TP
\fB-p\fP
Echo all source directories to the screen.  If the <\fIsearch_string\fP> argument is included, only those directory names which contain <\fIsearch_string\fP> are echoed.
.TP
.SH FILES
.TP
\fIcatalog/depends\fP
Contains dependency information.
.TP
\fIcatalog/enumerated\fP
Contains information about the enumerated data types.
.TP
\fIcatalog/modules\fP
Contains information about the modules.
.TP
\fIcatalog/structures\fP
Contains information about the data structures.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
All Trick model developers and users should go through the tutorial found
in the \fITrick Simulation Environment User Training Materials\fP.
The canonical reference for all Trick commands, files and utilities is the
\fITrick Simulation Environment User's Guide\fP.  Information specific to a
given release of Trick tools is contained in the \fITrick Simulation
Environment Version Description\fP for that release.
.PP
\fBCP\fP(1), \fBICG\fP(1), \fBMIS\fP(1)
.\" .SH DIAGNOSTICS
.\" How to determine why the command failed.
.SH BUGS
Known bugs will be placed in the \fIVersion Description Document\fP located in
$TRICK_HOME/docs area.  If you would like to report a bug, contact
vetter@lincom-asg.com.
.SH AUTHORS
The \fBcatalog\fP command was written by Rob Bailey and is maintained by the
Trick development staff.  This man page was written by Rick Sykes,
address all discrepancies to sykes@lincom-asg.com.

