.TH CP 1 "May 27, 2000" "Trick" "Trick User's Manual"
.SH NAME
CP \- run the Trick Configuration Processor
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBCP\fP [\fB-d\fP | \fB-e\fP | \fB-g\fP | \fB-h\fP | \fB-l\fP | \fB-m\fP | \fB-r\fP | \fB-s\fP | \fB-v\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBCP\fP is the Trick environment Configuration Processor.  When executed
without options, \fBCP\fP executes every option except \fB-g\fP.  This command
must be executed in an existing simulation directory whose name is prefixed
with \fI${SIM_DIR_PREFIX}\fP, which contains a simulation definition file named
\fIS_define\fP, and an optional title file named \fITitle\fP.
.SS Options
.TP
\fB-d\fP
Create the \fIS_default.dat\fP and \fIDefault.dat\fP (Default data files) file.
.TP
\fB-e\fP
Create the \fIS_main${HOST_CPU}.exe\fP (Master executable) file.
.TP
\fB-g\fP
Print the \fIS_define\fP file as it is processed by CP.  (This may help the
user find problems with his/her simulation configuration).
.TP
\fB-h\fP
Create the \fIS_structures\fP (Default structure list) file.
.TP
\fB-l\fP
Create the \fIS_library_list\fP (Object library link list) file.
.TP
\fB-m\fP
Create the (simulation) \fIMakefile\fP.
.TP
\fB-r\fP
Create the \fIS_sie.resource\fP (Smart Input Editor data base) file.
.TP
\fB-s\fP
Create the \fIS_source.c\fP (Simulation specific executive source code) file.
.TP
\fB-v\fP
Create the \fIS_variables.db\fP (Simulation parameter data base) file.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fI${TRICK_HOME}/catalog/catalog\fP
Contains paths to all model catalog directories.
.TP
<model_directory>/\fIcatalog/structures\fP
Contains database information about the data structures which is used by
\fBCP\fP(1).
.TP
<model_directory>/\fIcatalog/enumerated\fP
Contains database information about the enumerated data types which is used by
\fBCP\fP(1).
.TP
<model_directory>/\fIcatalog/depends\fP
Contains database information about which files depend on which other files.
\fBICG\fP(1) inserts dependency information for header files, \fBMIS\fP(1)
inserts dependency information for source code files.  This information is
used by \fBCP\fP.
.TP
\fI${TRICK_USER_HOME}/\fP<simulation_directory>\fI/S_library_list\fP
The simulation-specific object code link list file.
.TP
\fI${TRICK_USER_HOME}/\fP<simulation_directory>\fI/S_structures\fP
The simulation-specific data structures summary file.
.TP
\fI${TRICK_USER_HOME}/\fP<simulation_directory>\fI/S_default.dat\fP
The simulation-specific default initialization data file.
.TP
\fI${TRICK_USER_HOME}/\fP<simulation_directory>\fI/S_source.c\fP
The simulation-specific executive source code file.
.TP
\fI${TRICK_USER_HOME}/\fP<simulation_directory>\fI/S_main_${HOST_CPU}.exe\fP
The simulation-specific, architecture-specific executable file.
.TP
\fI${TRICK_USER_HOME}/\fP<simulation_directory>\fI/S_sie.resource\fP
The simulation-specific SIE resource file.
.TP
\fI${TRICK_USER_HOME}/\fP<simulation_directory>\fI/S_variables.db\fP
The simulation-specific non-readable ASCII database file.  Can be processed to
yield information about every global data structure in the simulation.
.TP
\fI${TRICK_USER_HOME}/\fP<simulation_directory>\fI/S_job_execution\fP
The simulation-specific job execution order summary file.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
\fB${TRICK_HOME}, ${TRICK_USER_HOME}\fP
These contain paths which are set by the user's \fI.Trick_cshrc\fP and used by
nearly all Trick programs and utilities.
.TP
\fB.Trickrc\fP
Trick's parses this file with the \fIgte\fP call to gather user configurable
Trick environment variables (not to be confused with UNIX environment
variables).
.TP
\fB${SIM_DIR_PREFIX}\fP
Contains a pattern, normally "SIM_", which must match the first characters of
the simulation directory's name.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
All Trick model developers and users should go through the tutorial found
in the \fITrick Simulation Environment User Training Materials\fP.
The canonical reference for all Trick commands, files and utilities is the
\fITrick Simulation Environment User's Guide\fP.  Information specific to a
given release of Trick tools is contained in the \fITrick Simulation
Environment Version Description\fP for that release.
.\" .SH DIAGNOSTICS
.\" How to determine why the command failed.
.SH BUGS
Known bugs will be placed in the \fIVersion Description Document\fP located in
$TRICK_HOME/docs area.  If you would like to report a bug, contact
vetter@lincom-asg.com.
.SH AUTHORS
The \fBCP\fP command was written by Rob Bailey and is maintained by the
Trick development staff.  This man page was written by Rick Sykes,
address all discrepancies to sykes@lincom-asg.com.
